◆ android-tools : Android platform tools. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ audacity : A program that lets you manipulate digital audio waveforms. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ chromium : A web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ dunst : Customizable and lightweight notification-daemon. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ engrampa : A file archiver for MATE. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ falkon : Cross-platform QtWebEngine browser. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ firefox : Fast, Private and Safe Web Browser. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ imagemagick : An image viewing/manipulation program. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ mousepad : Simple text editor for Xfce. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ openarena-quake3e : A Community-Produced Deathmatch FPS Based on GPL idTech3 Technology (Quake3e Engine). To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ pcmanfm : Extremely fast and lightweight file manager. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ pcsx2 : PlayStation 2 emulator. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ polybar : A fast and easy-to-use status bar. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ qbittorrent : An advanced BitTorrent client programmed in C++, based on Qt toolkit and libtorrent-rasterbar. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ quake3e : Improved Quake III Arena Engine. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ ristretto : A fast and lightweight picture viewer for Xfce. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ scrcpy : Display and control your Android device. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ telegram : Official Telegram Desktop client. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ thunar : Modern, fast and easy-to-use file manager for Xfce. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ xfce4-multicall : No description available. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ xfce4-power-manager : Power Manager for Xfce. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ xfce4-screenshooter : An application to take screenshots. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ xfce4-taskmanager : Easy to use task manager. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
◆ xfce4-terminal : A modern terminal emulator primarily for the Xfce desktop environment. To install it use the --appbundle flag or the .appbundle extension.
